WW-FETCH(1)                 Wheelwright Manual                WW-FETCH(1)

NAME
    ww fetch — request market observations for specified symbols

SYNOPSIS
    ww fetch [-q | --quiet | -v | --verbose] [--] [SYMBOL...]

DESCRIPTION
    Ask Wheelwright to acquire evidence, then report whether it holds a price
    for every requested symbol.

    With explicit SYMBOL operands, fetch acquires exactly those symbols. With
    no operands, fetch acquires the current experimental default set (see
    EXPERIMENTAL DEFAULT SET). Explicit operands REPLACE the default; they are
    never added to it.

    Fetch updates Wheelwright's held knowledge. It does not display prices;
    use ww prices for that. It does not guarantee a new observation, a current
    market price, freshness, or suitability for a trading decision.

    A failed acquisition attempt may leave an earlier price held. In that
    case, fetch can succeed because its postcondition concerns held prices
    after the completed operation, not whether every attempt acquired a new
    value.

OPTIONS
    -q, --quiet
        Suppress normal human status and nonfatal notices. Errors still appear
        on stderr. Quiet does not change exit status or composition records.

    -v, --verbose
        On completed work, show each requested symbol's acquisition outcome
        from this invocation and qualify its local price state when useful. Write
        the detail to stderr, followed by the held-price summary on success.
        From identifies the Wheelwright authority actually contacted by ww.
        It does not identify Wheelwright's upstream market-data provider or
        per-symbol evidence provenance. Verbose does not display prices.
        Verbose and quiet are mutually exclusive.

    --
        End option parsing. Remaining arguments are symbol operands.

OUTPUT
    In default mode, on successful completion when stderr is a terminal,
    write to stderr:

        fetch complete: 3/3 prices held

    The count is held prices over distinct requested symbols. It is not a
    count of newly acquired observations or successful provider attempts.
    This is a completion summary, not an incremental progress meter.

    If an acquisition attempt did not succeed but Wheelwright retains an
    earlier price, normal terminal diagnostics identify that fact without
    treating the price as newly acquired.

    Verbose mode writes its detail and successful summary to stderr even when
    stderr is redirected. For a completed verbose fetch, it can show:

        From http://localhost:3100
        QQQ  acquisition ACQUIRED
        SPY  acquisition FAILED    previous price retained
        XLE  acquisition ACQUIRED
        fetch complete: 3/3 prices held

    ACQUIRED is the backend's invocation acquisition outcome. It does not
    independently certify a new underlying quote or a locally stored price.
    If a completed result has no locally stored price, even ACQUIRED is
    qualified with "no local price stored" and the command exits nonzero.
    UNKNOWN with a locally stored price uses the neutral phrase "local price
    stored"; it cannot establish that a previous price was retained.

    Direct terminal stdout is empty. When stdout is piped or redirected, it
    carries bounded per-symbol JSON Lines records with acquisitionOutcome and
    heldPrice as independent facts. Human status never contaminates those
    records. An incomplete operation does not certify after-completion symbol
    results and emits no composition records.

EXIT STATUS
    0   Operation completed and every requested symbol has a held price.
    1   Operation failed, did not complete, or left a requested price absent.
    2   Invalid command usage.

    Diagnostics identify affected symbols where the backend can establish
    them. Exit status does not encode detailed backend acquisition outcomes.

EXAMPLES
    ww fetch QQQ SPY XLE && ww prices QQQ SPY XLE

    ww fetch -q QQQ SPY XLE && ww prices QQQ SPY XLE

    ww fetch -v QQQ SPY XLE

    A completed fetch with XLE absent exits nonzero and reports on stderr:

        ww: fetch completed; 2/3 prices held; XLE has no local price stored

EXPERIMENTAL DEFAULT SET
    With no operands, bare ww fetch acquires the union of:

        the last declared monitored symbols (read from the backend), and
        a fixed experimental ten-symbol research seed:
            SPY QQQ IWM SLV GLD TQQQ USO SMH SOXL GDX

    The two sources are normalized and deduplicated, so a symbol present in
    both is acquired once. Explicit operands REPLACE this default set.

    This default is experimental and provisional. The seed derives from dated
    September 23 options-volume research. It is NOT a live ranking, an
    authoritative market-representation policy, a final default universe, a
    watchlist, or a recommendation. It intentionally retains potentially
    awkward entries (such as TQQQ and SOXL) so the default can be falsified by
    observation.

    The monitored symbols are the last declared monitored set. They are not a
    statement of current exposure, holdings, portfolio, currently traded
    symbols, or brokerage positions.

    With -v/--verbose, a human-readable selection summary (per-symbol source:
    monitored, experimental-seed, or both) is written to stderr only; machine
    stdout is never contaminated with selection prose. If reading the
    monitored set fails, fetch aborts (nonzero) rather than silently treating
    the monitored source as empty, and makes no acquisition request.

SEE ALSO
    ww prices, ww sort
