WW(1)                       Wheelwright Manual                      WW(1)

NAME
    ww — inspect and acquire Wheelwright evidence with Unix commands

SYNOPSIS
    ww [--help | -h | --man]
    ww COMMAND [OPTIONS] [OPERANDS]

DESCRIPTION
    ww supplies small evidence capabilities to people, shell scripts, and
    agents. The shell composes commands with pipes, redirection, and &&.
    Reading held evidence is separate from asking Wheelwright to acquire it.

WORKING COMMANDS
    fetch [-q | -v] [SYMBOL...]
        Ask the existing backend to acquire evidence. With explicit symbols it
        acquires exactly those. With no symbols it acquires the experimental
        default set: the last declared monitored symbols UNION a fixed
        ten-symbol research seed (SPY QQQ IWM SLV GLD TQQQ USO SMH SOXL GDX).
        Explicit symbols REPLACE the default; they are not added to it. The
        seed is experimental and provisional, not a live ranking, market
        policy, final universe, watchlist, or recommendation.
        Exit 0 only after completed work with a held price for every requested
        symbol. A previously held price may survive a failed acquisition.
        Normal terminal status goes to stderr; -q/--quiet suppresses it.
        -v/--verbose reports the Wheelwright endpoint contacted, invocation
        outcome, and held state per symbol without displaying prices or
        claiming upstream provider provenance; for the default set it also
        prints a per-symbol selection source (monitored/experimental-seed/both)
        to stderr only.
        Run 'ww fetch --help' or 'ww fetch --man' for the current contract.

    prices SYMBOL...
        Read the underlying prices Wheelwright currently holds, including
        explicit absence and acquisition state. This never acquires evidence.
        Run 'ww prices --help' or 'ww prices --man' for evidence limits.

    sort --by FIELD [--descending]
        Read ww price composition records from stdin and emit those same
        records ordered by numeric price or symbol. When sorting by price,
        missing prices sort last.
        Price order is ascending unless --descending is given.
        Run 'ww sort --help' or 'ww sort --man' for the bounded input format.

    observed-prices SYMBOL...
        Compatibility spelling for prices. The same read and output behavior
        applies; new examples use prices.

OUTPUT AND COMPOSITION
    Direct terminal output is human-oriented. When stdout is piped or
    redirected, prices and sort emit bounded JSON Lines price records;
    fetch emits bounded per-symbol result records after completed work. Fetch
    writes its concise human status to terminal stderr and leaves terminal
    stdout empty. This is not a universal ww wire-format commitment. Results
    go to stdout; status and diagnostics go to stderr. Neither progress nor
    decoration belongs in composition stdout.

    A useful composition is:

        ww fetch QQQ SPY XLE && ww prices QQQ SPY XLE | ww sort --by price

    The shell runs prices only if fetch returns success. The pipe then
    passes price records to sort, which orders them numerically. Fetching
    evidence does not itself display prices or judge whether they are timely
    enough for a purpose.

EXIT STATUS
    0   Command succeeded under its documented contract.
    1   Backend, input-record, or evidence-operation failure.
    2   Invalid usage.

    Detailed backend outcomes are not encoded as a catalog of exit codes.
    See command help for the meaning of success and failure in each command.

EVIDENCE LIMITS
    A held price is not a guaranteed current market price. The timestamp
    associated with a price through the primary option chain is not an
    independently established underlying-quote acquisition time. ww does
    not infer quote age, freshness, trade suitability, or recommendations.

DISCOVERY
    ww --help                  Short command list and example
    ww --man                   This current top-level manual
    ww COMMAND --help          Terse command-specific help
    ww COMMAND --man           Current command-specific behavioral manual

ENVIRONMENT
    WW_BASE_URL   Backend base URL; default http://localhost:3100

SEE ALSO
    ww fetch --man, ww prices --man, ww sort --man
